Documentation on the coin creation and the steps to have the accounts… (#1052)
gradido/gradido: docu/create-coins-as-admin.md

### User creation
A user needs to be created on the login_server we do this when we create a User in the client https://$community_domain/vue/register.

### Admin user
To set a User admin we need the following SQL query on the gradido_login database:
```
INSERT INTO user_roles (id, user_id, role_id) VALUES (NULL, '1', '1');
```
user_id has to be found in users
Now when we login in on https://$community_domain/account/ we can create coins but we will be restricted cause we can't sign the creations.

### Signation account
At first we need to enable the server user account creation with uncommenting line: 19 in 
community_server/src/Controller/ServerUsersController.php
```php
$this->Auth->allow(['add', 'edit']);
```
This enable us to use this action without being logged in. 
To add a signation account we need to go on the following url: http://$community_domain/server-users/add

### Coin creation process
The coin creation for work is done in the following url: http://$community_domain/transaction-creations/create-multi
Where we can create coins for a number of as many users as we want excepted for our self.

> We must than sign the transaction. Normally after klick of the left Button (Transaktion abschließen) it should be automatic 
> forwarding to http://$community_domain/account/checkTransactions to sign the transactions.
> If not this page can also be reached by klicking on the shield-icon with the hook in it on the Dashboard.
> Only shown if at least one transaction is waiting for signing. 
> 
> Pending_tasks table is used to store the transactions which not signed or had errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore we must sign the transactions we created. Normally after klick of the left Button (Transaktion abschließen) it should be automatic 
forwarding to http://$community_domain/account/checkTransactions where we can do this.
If not this page can also be reached by clicking on the shield-icon with the hook in it on the Dashboard, which is only shown if at least one transaction is waiting for signing. 

For debug purposes you can check the `pending_tasks` table, which is used to store the transactions which are not signed yet or had errors.
```
